{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The website opens to the index.html file which contains a little bit of personal information and pictures. There is a navigation bar towards the top of the page which allows the user to go to either my resume page or my page with a list of my projects. The resume button takes the user to the resume page which features the navigation bar to go back to the home page or go to the projects. The resume page features a webpage version of my resume and a link to go to a pdf version of my resume where the user can download it. At the bottom of the resume where I normally would have my projects there is a hyperlink to take you to the projects page. In the projects page there is the directory to take you back to the home page or to go to the resume page. The project page features some of the projects I have done for coursework as well as links do download the files for almost all of them.\
\
I was able to accomplish many of the things that I wanted to get done, but I struggled a bit with a little bit of the positioning for the images and text bubbles. It was also a little difficult to get the website to appear the way I wanted to across displays of all different sizes. Configurations I had working on the laptop I was designing on would not work at all when I tested on larger displays. One instance of this issue was that some of the objects would not want to be centered in the page, or that the pictures would be in the wrong spot when on larger monitors. Other than those errors I got everything done that I wanted to besides possibly importing some different fonts.}